TESTING

--------------------------

MEMBERS AREA:

member/visitor contact form can send to admin properly. - needs validation stuff for form on php side.

resend password request by member works. Email comes and has correct info.

resend verification request by member works. Email comes and verification link works.

updating profile from members area WITHOUT changing email works and doesn't log the user out.

updating profile from members area WITH changing the email address works, and logs out the user because they have to re-verify. 
The email comes that needs the member to re-verify, and the link works successfully.
If the user was already logged in, they don't have to again it seems, but it could be confusing because the login link is gone (the members area
nav is there already) - I've added a login link so they can either click that and login again, or click one of the members-only links in the nav. For clarity.

logout nav link works

The chatroom loads the first 100 messages and auto-scrolls to the bottom of the chatbox to see the most recent messages.
The dates of messages and the dates that users were last online show as the time only when it is within the last day.
If the date the user was last online is more than a day ago, just the month-day-year is shown.
If the date of a chat message is more than a day ago, the entire date and time are shown.
The LEAVE chat button updates the online status of the user to 0 (logged out) by simply redirecting away from /chatroom. Any other
page ensures that the online status is set to 0. Upon visiting /chatroom, the online status is set to 1 (logged in) in index.php successfully.
There is reverse infinity scrolling in the chat box with a loader gif when more messages must be loaded. 
Multiple users can chat and see all messages.
When a user posts, the resourceId for their websockets connection is stored in the members table with their username.
When a user leaves the chat, the resourceId field in the members table for their username is set to null.


--------------------------

ADMIN AREA:

Admin area forgot login works and sends the email to the admin account.

Admin login form works.

Main admin area notes form works and saves a note.

Clicking "SITE" admin navigation link opens a new window to the main url of the site.

Settings save correctly, and changing the admin username and password is correctly updated in the session so the admin isn't logged out.

In the admin area for mailing members, creating a new email and clicking Save saves it correctly.
Recalling a saved email from the edit saved mail dropdown loads that email correctly back into the form.
Editing a saved email and re-saving it works.
The return button works, returning the admin to a blank form with no saved email loaded into it.
Recalling a saved email, then clicking the Delete button correctly deletes that email.
The form will not submit if you click Send and there is no subject line  ---- it still posts if the message body is blank though!!!
Recalling a saved email, then clicking the Send button correctly sends that email to each member (assuming their inbox accepts it).
Sending an email that has never been saved, then clicking the Send button also correctly sends the email to each member.
After the cronjob sends an admin mail, it is kept in the database if the admin saved it. If not, it is deleted after sending.

In the admin area for editing page content, when a saved page is selected from the dropdown and the edit button is clicked, the page name, slug,
and content is loaded successfully into the form for editing.
The link to the page shows the proper path. If the page is the home page, it does not show the 'index' slug correctly.
Core pages cannot have their slug values edited, but dynamic pages added by the admin can.
The "create new" button for admin pages works by showing a blank form.
Creating a new page and clicking the "Add" button saves it properly to the database.
If the name or slug field is blank, the form gives an error.
If a page is loaded into the form and the "Delete" button is clicked, the page is deleted properly.
The form fields are validated in the Page class.
Editing and saving either a core or dynamic page works properly.

In the admin area for member management, adding a new member works.
Editing an existing member works.
Resending the validation email to a member works.
Deleting a member with the Delete button from the member admin area works.
Changing a members verified status and saving from yes to no triggers resend of a validation email correctly.
The resent validation email link works and validates the member if they click on it.





